Follow the quests! They'll guide you through pretty much the entire modpack, no matter the path you choose.
Quests often reward with you items that will help you out!
Remember to actually READ quest text. Quests often describe how you're supposed to do certain things.
You can open the quests with the G key, or a button at the top left of the inventory!
Academy has a very in-depth Guide you can read, which explains how pretty much everything in the modpack works!
A Longsword in tandem with Slime Boots allows you to launch yourself while bouncing to jump even farther.
Cleavers have an increased chance of dropping mob skulls!
If your Tinkers' Construct pickaxe has Knightslime, it can also dig through non-stone blocks like Dirt and Wood.
You can melt Cobblestone into Seared Stone in the Smeltery.
You can automate the Smeltery by giving the Seared Faucet a Redstone signal.
You can make Obsidian in the Smeltery by using Buckets of Water and Lava on the Smeltery Drain and allowing them to alloy.
An Obsidian Pickaxe Head or Sharpening Kit will allow a Tinkers' Construct pick to mine the hardest blocks.
You should try to maximize Luck on your Tinkers' Construct tools with Lapis Lazuli as fast as you can, so you get more out of ores.
A Tinkers' Construct tool with Reinforced V will have infinite durability.
You can hold ` (to the left of the 1 key) while breaking a block to also break all the connected blocks.
You can double click the text box in JEI to highlight that item in open inventories.
In JEI you can search "@Botania" to search for all items from Botania.
You can type A while hovering over an item to pin it to the left of the inventory. Hit A while hovering over the pinned item to remove it.
You can hit K to lock the rotation of placed blocks.
Soul Powder can be used like Eyes of Ender, except they find Nether Fortresses.
Torch Arrows will place a Torch where they land.
Combine an Ancient Tome with an Enchanted Book of the same level and enchantment to get an Enchanted Book one level higher than the usual maximum.
Villagers follow you if you're holding a Block of Emerald.
Animals will eat dropped items, so you can automate breeding with only a Dropper.
You can place Blaze Rods, Gunpowder, and Glowstone Dust.
Fluid Laser Relays can move an infinite amount of fluids instantly.
Standing in Liquid Meat will fill your Saturation.
The Coal Generator is a very good early source of power.
Steam Dynamos using an external source of Steam is great for mid-game.
You can find loot under one of the pillars in Astral Sorcery fountains.
Astral Sorcery has a really cool perk system!
You can get rid of aesthetic sounds by muting Biome Sounds.
You can change the font by pressing the Home key.
You can repair Mom's Spaghetti like a Tinkers' tool using Wheat.
You can fly using Wings of the Bat or the Flügel Tiara.
You can press P on a block to place up to 4 unique items on it.
Also visit /r/feedthebeast!
Also visit the Feed The Beast Discord!
Also visit the Modded Minecraft Discord!